# Distance Randomizer
A Centrifuge plugin that randomizes Distance's Adventure mode. Almost all maps and abilities are
shuffled into a random order, requiring you to use some interesting strategies to complete some maps due to being less equipped than the developers intended.

There's now a website for the randomizer plugin at https://tiyenti.github.io/distrandomizer with more information!

## Installation
The latest version of the mod can be found and downloaded from the [releases page](https://github.com/Tiyenti/distrandomizer/releases).

See https://tiyenti.github.io/distrandomizer/install for instructions on how to install
the mod if you are unsure how to do this.

## Build instructions
Obviously, you will first need to clone the repo:

    $ git clone https://github.com/Tiyenti/distrandomizer.git

You will need to make sure the NuGet packages are present in  the solution folder:
Right-click on the solution in the `Solution Explorer` then click `Restore NuGet Packages`.

PowerShell is also required, as a PowerShell script is used as part of the pre-build event.
You may see a missing `VersionNumber.cs` file, which may provide some errors when first opening the solution -
just build the project and refresh file to rectify this, this file is automatically generated before the build begins.

distrandomizer is currently being developed with Visual Studio 2019 Community, so this is the reccomended IDE for developing/building the mod. Other IDE solutions may work as well
although they are not officially supported.

After compiling the plugin, the resulting `DistanceRando.Plugin.dll` assembly can
then be copied from the build directory to a new directory in the `[distance-path]/Centrifuge/Mods` directory alongside the `mod.json` manifest from the project root in the following structure:

    Distance_Data/
    ┕ Centrifuge
      ┕ GameSupport
        ┕ Centrifuge.Distance.dll
      ┕ Mods
        ┕ DistanceRando
          ┕ DistanceRando.Plugin.dll
          ┕ mod.json
        ┕ ...
      ┕ ...
    ┕ ...

From here, providing that everything is properly set up (with Centrifuge and the Distance GSL
installed), you should be able to launch the game with the compiled plugin.
